Add channel transport with remeshing (#599)
precice/tutorials: channel-transport/README.md

Transport participant:

> * Nutils with support for adaptive mesh refinement. For more information, have a look at the [Nutils adapter documentation](https://precice.org/adapter-nutils.html). This Nutils solver requires at least Nutils v7.0.

Reviewer: Maybe link to the documentation page for remeshing? There, I would also expect some statement on the minimum preCICE version.

> * Nutils with support for [adaptive mesh refinement](https://precice.org/couple-your-code-moving-or-changing-meshes.html#pseudo-reference-domain). For more information, have a look at the [Nutils adapter documentation](https://precice.org/adapter-nutils.html). This Nutils solver requires at least Nutils v7.0 and a preCICE release above 3.1.2 for remeshing support.

Reviewer: I understand why you write "above 3.1.2", but this could easily be misinterpreted as "3.1.2 or higher". Yes, this is not what it means, but just how some people might interpret it.

You could formulate it as:

```suggestion
* Nutils with support for [adaptive mesh refinement](https://precice.org/couple-your-code-moving-or-changing-meshes.html#pseudo-reference-domain). For more information, have a look at the [Nutils adapter documentation](https://precice.org/adapter-nutils.html). This Nutils solver requires at least Nutils v7.0 and a preCICE release with [remeshing support](couple-your-code-moving-or-changing-meshes.html#remeshing-using-precice).
```

and document the version requirements in that page. You can write there that it is planned for 3.2.0, and you will probably have to update that page soon after anyway.

You could also create an issue with TODOs after releasing the feature, to update that page, the `requirements.txt`, and anything else related.

Author: Good idea to point to the changing meshes-page. Fewer places to update.
